gh-139958: Add TOML MIME type (#139959)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-10-11-17-41-26.gh-issue-139958.AnCakj.rst

> Add MIME type for ``.toml`` files. Patch by Gil Forcada

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``application/toml`` mime type is now supported by :mod:`mimetypes`.
Patch by Gil Forcada.
```
